feat: profiling (spark) (#447)
PaperMC/docs: docs/paper/admin/reference/system-properties.md

- **default**: `false`
- **description**: Disables plugin remapping introduced in 1.20.5 and everything involving automatic plugin conversion by commodore. For more information see the [userdev](../../dev/getting-started/userdev.mdx#1205-and-beyond) documentation and the official [announcement](https://discord.com/channels/289587909051416579/976631292747735080/1232740079097876570).

> #### paper.startSparkBackgroundProfilerImmediately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### paper.enableSparkImmediately
```

- **default**: `false`

> - **description**: Starts the background profiler as soon as possible when set to true. Otherwise the background profiler starts once the server has finished starting up (when the `Done (X.XXXs)! For help, type "help"` message is sent in console).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: Enables the spark profiler as soon as possible when set to true. Otherwise enables once the server has finished starting up (when the `Done (X.XXXs)! For help, type "help"` message is sent in console).
```
